Suggest Astroncommunity in LSP Specific Plugin section (#93)
AstroNvim/astronvim.github.io: docs/Recipes/advanced_lsp.md

## LSP Specific Plugins

> **Note**: Many of these can be found pre-configured in the [Astgronvim Community Repository](https://github.com/AstroNvim/astrocommunity/), typically in the `pack` folder, where these plugins usually end up being combined with other language-specific plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: tip

Many of these can be found pre-configured in the [AstroNvim Community Repository](https://github.com/AstroNvim/astrocommunity/), typically in the [`pack`](https://github.com/AstroNvim/astrocommunity/tree/main/lua/astrocommunity/pack) folder, where these plugins usually end up being combined with other language-specific plugins.

:::
```
